Sylius cloud cookbook (#16091)
Sylius/Sylius: docs/cookbook/sylius-cloud/environment-configuration.rst

You can setup the `request_memory` and `reserved_memory` by your own, in your `platform.app.yaml` file:

.. code-block:: yaml

    runtime:
        sizing_hints:
            request_memory: 110
            reserved_memory: 80

To determine what the optimal request memory is for your Sylius platform, you can refer to your PHP access logs:

.. code-block:: bash

    platform log --lines 5000 php.access | awk '{print $6}' | sort -n | uniq -c

The command above will output you a structured value for last 5000 requests:

.. code-block:: text

    2654 2048
    431  4096
    584  8192
    889  10240
    374  12288
     68  46384

First column determines a number of requests, which had used the memory amount specified in second column.

Enabling Opcache preloading option
----------------------------------

Enabling Symfony preloading can help improve the performance of your application by reducing the time it takes to load classes and files on each request.
By following the steps below, you can easily configure preloading for your Sylius platform and take advantage of this optimization feature provided by Sylius Cloud.

To enable preloading, please:

> 1. Ensure that your Symfony application is using PHP version 7.4 or higher, as preloading is supported in these versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that your Symfony application is using PHP version 8.3 or higher, as preloading is supported in these versions.
```
